New monster group: GROUP_WANDERING_ZOMBIE

Every n-th move is one-in-X change that a horde is created:
A starting point is chooses which must match these conditions:
Minimum and maximum distance to player:
Don't bother with hordes far away and don't spawn hordes directly on the player.
And hordes will not spawn near another horder. But they may move to where another horder already is.

The horde has a target. Every SEEX turns, the horde moves towards that target.
The horde position is stored in the overmap as coordinates of the submap they are currently on,
therfor the time the need to move from one submap to another should be the same as a normal zombie needs to go over a submap.

After each move there is a change that the horde changes its direction.
TODO: Change into any direction or change by a maximum degree?
TODO: Allow standing still (no direction)?

Loud noise will attract nearby hordes, this uses different numbers than the normal noise system,
Noise sets the direction vector if nearby hordes towards the source of the noise.

Spawn:
Every n turns (or every turn with a one-in-n chance?) the game looks at all hordes and
checks if their position is within the loaded submaps.
If so, it starts spawing monsters from that horde, but only inside that submap.
The usual spawn requirements still apply (outside, not seen by player, ...).
Spawn monsters decrement the population counter as usual.
The spawn monsters get a direction (monster::wander_to) with a very big timeout for this (monster::wandf).

Upon despawn, the monsters are either put into an existing monstergroup (if the horde moves into a town),
but this must match the monstertypes of that group (zombies won't despawn into a anthill).

If there is no matching group around, the zombies are put into a new horde with 1 as population.
Normally (and if the monster is not part of the zombie-horde group), the monster will despawn into their on little group (e.g. a giant ant far away from their home will despawn into a ant-group with population 1).

